RF-mod 4 for Frets On Fire 1.2.451

Graphic mods included with RF-mod.

These are just a number of useful graphic mods and you can further modify them.  You don't like orange?  Make it blue.  You don't like blue, make it pink.

I personally use: Color Fret Orange, Folders FoZZ, Keys FoZZ, Notes FoZZ Spot, Phrases Random, and a custom BG Theme


Color Fret Orange - Do you want your 5th fret orange?  Turn This on
Color HOPO Blue - Changes the HOPO indicator color to Blue
Color Spot Black - Changes the white spot on a note to black

Credits Song - What song to play for the credits

Flames Off - Turn off the hit flames
Flames Progressive - Flame colors change with your multiplers
Flames Size - Flames get bigger with your multipliers

Folders FoF - The default FoF (ugly) briefcase Folders
Folders FoZZ - The default RF-mod (awesome) guitar case folders

Keys FoF - The default FoF (ugly) keyboard key notes
Keys FoZZ - The default RF-mod (awesome) circle key thing
Keys Noob - Minimalistic circle key
Keys Raph - GH mod keys


The notes either have a Dot, Spot, or Ring.  This is where the HOPO indicator will show up.  Either as a dot/bump on the top of the note, the normally white spot will turn to the HOPO color, or the normally black ring will turn to the HOPO color

Notes FoF Dot - The default FoF flat notes with black spot and note colored HOPO bump
Notes FoF Spot - The default FoF flat notes with a white spot and HOPO colored spot

Notes Fozz Dot - The default RF-mod notes with white spot and raised HOPO colored bump
Notes Fozz Spot - The default RF-mod notes with white spot and HOPO colored spot
Notes Fozz Ring - The default RF-mod notes with white spot and HOPO colored ring

Notes Noob Dot - Minimal notes with white spot and raised HOPO colored bump
Notes Noob Spot - Minimal notes with white spot and HOPO colored spot
Notes Noob Ring - Minimal notes with white spot and HOPO colored ring

Notes Raph Dot - GH notes with white spot and raised HOPO colored bump
Notes Raph Spot - GH notes with white spot and HOPO colored spot
Notes Raph Ring - GH notes with white spot and HOPO colored ring

Phrases Random - Set of random phrases you will see instead of 'Tuning Guitar...' and 'Chilling...'

Theme Chilly - Default FoF Chilly Theme
Theme FoF - Default FoF Theme (fixed)
Theme GH - Raph's full GH Theme, with sounds, menus, cd's and cd cases
Theme LightGraphics - Default FoF Light Theme